int, int_keyword
a, identifier
=, equal
5, integer
;, semicolon

if, if_
(, left_round_bracket
a, identifier
>, greater_than
3, integer
), right_round_bracket
{, left_curly_bracket
a, identifier
=, equal
3, integer
;, semicolon
}, right_curly_bracket

if, if_
(, left_round_bracket
a, identifier
==, equal_equal
4, integer
), right_round_bracket
{, left_curly_bracket
a, identifier
=, equal
0, integer
;, semicolon
}, right_curly_bracket
else, else_
{, left_curly_bracket
a, identifier
=, equal
10, integer
;, semicolon
}, right_curly_bracket

if, if_
(, left_round_bracket
a, identifier
!=, not_equal
5, integer
), right_round_bracket
{, left_curly_bracket
a, identifier
=, equal
-1, integer
;, semicolon
}, right_curly_bracket
else if, else_if_
(, left_round_bracket
a, identifier
==, equal_equal
10, integer
), right_round_bracket
{, left_curly_bracket
a, identifier
=, equal
20, integer
;, semicolon
}, right_curly_bracket

if, if_
(, left_round_bracket
a, identifier
==, equal_equal
20, integer
&&, and_
a, identifier
<, less_than
0, integer
), right_round_bracket
{, left_curly_bracket
printf, identifier
(, left_round_bracket
"Error!\n", string
), right_round_bracket
;, semicolon
}, right_curly_bracket
else if, else_if_
(, left_round_bracket
a, identifier
==, equal_equal
30, integer
||, or_
a, identifier
<, less_than
10, integer
), right_round_bracket
{, left_curly_bracket
printf, identifier
(, left_round_bracket
"Error!\n", string
), right_round_bracket
;, semicolon
}, right_curly_bracket
else, else_
{, left_curly_bracket
printf, identifier
(, left_round_bracket
"Correct!\n", string
), right_round_bracket
;, semicolon
}, right_curly_bracket
eof, eof

